Add SOLID principles to "Best Practices" (#48)
microsoft/code-with-engineering-playbook: Engineering/BestPractices/SolidPrinciples.md

# SOLID Principles of Object Oriented Design

Some argue that good code is code that is easy to read. The faster someone can understand your code, the faster they can expand upon it, or fix issues. 

## TL;DR;
Here's the short version: 

| Abbreviation | Principle | What does it mean? |
| ------------ | ----------| ------------------ |
| SRP          | Single Responsibility | Write classes that only need ONE single reason to be changed | 
| OCP          | Open Closed | Never change a method after putting it in production. Instead extend the class with new methods! | 

> | LSP | Liskovs Substitution | A class that inherits another class must behave like it's superclass. That is not always the case! | 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| LSP | Liskov Substitution | A class that inherits another class must behave like its superclass. That is not always the case! | 
```

**Solution** <br />
To prevent breaking changes to your libraries, should **add** the new method by *extending* your library: 

```csharp
public class IdentityManager
{
    // v1.0
    [Obsolete("SignIn using a security principal instead")]
    public User SignIn(string userName, string password){
        /*implementation remains unchanged */
    }

    // v2.0    
    public User SignIn(SecurityPrincipal securityPrincipal){
        /*implementation*/
    }
}
```
In the above code, you can see that instead of *modifying* the **SignIn()** method, we added another method instead. 

> **Note** <br />
> The **[Obsolete]** Attribute is a construct of the C# language and allows the developer to notify the library client that he should update his code, but without breaking anything. If your language supports this kind of constructs, use them! 

This principle also includes changes to code that isn't broken, for example, calculations that are based on one mathematical principle, that you'd like to change to a different principle, would break OCP, because the *expected outcome* may differ to the end user. 

----

> ## Liskovs Substitution Principle (LSP)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Liskov Substitution Principle (LSP)
```
